LINK_TITLE=Walkthrough
PAGE_TITLE=Getting Started with Step-By-Step Walkthroughs
===//===//===
h2. "*Example 1: Analysing a pre-recorded RPL collect network trace*":example1.html

In this first example, we will analyse a previously recorded PCAP file. This example is meant to be standalone, so reading the "User Manual":guide.html is recommended but not required. +Requirements+: an installation of foren6, but no extra hardware.

"*> Follow this example*":example1.html

h2. "*Example 2: Analysing a real network with a Contiki-based sniffer*":example2.html

The fastest way to get started with a physical sniffer to analyser a real network. It is not necessary to follow the previous examples if you want to analyse a real network in the shortest time possible. +Requirements+: an installation of foren6, and a Contiki-compatible mote with a USB connector (TMote/Sky, TelosB, CM500x, Z1, Econotag...)

"*> Follow this example*":example2.html

h2. "*Example 3: Analysing a pre-recorded multi-DODAG network trace*":example3.html

This is another example using a pre-recorded PCAP file. We recommend to follow Example 1 first, as there are some introductory details which are not repeated in this example. This example explores in more details the RPL-related information extracted from the packet traces. +Requirements+: an installation of foren6, but no extra hardware.

Under Construction...

"*> Follow this example*":example3.html

h2. "*Example 4: Analysing a real network with a commercial sniffer*":example4.html

Under Construction...

"*> Follow this example*":example4.html
